occasionally: accosinly
circler: ciculer
circle: circue
madness: maddness
occasionally: occusionaly
stephen: steffen
the: thw
unfortunately: unformanlly
unfortunately: unfortally
ability: abilitey
about: abouy
absorption: absorbtion
accidentally: accidently
accommodate: accomodate
accommodate: acommadate
accord: acord
adultery: adultry
aggressive: aggresive
alcohol: alchohol
alcoholic: alchoholic
alive: allieve
a lot: alot
all right: alright
amateur: amature
ambivalent: ambivilant
amplification: amification
amorphous: amourfous
anoint: annoint
announcement: annonsment
anting: annoyting
announce: annuncio
anatomy: anonomy
anatomy: anotomy
antidisestablishmentarianism: antidesestablishmentarianism
antidisestablishmentarianism: antidisestablishmentarism
anonymous: anynomous
applet: appelet
appreciated: appreceiated
appreciate: appresteate
acquaintance: aquantance
architecture: aratictature
archetype: archeype
architecture: aricticure
arctic: artic
asymptote: asentote
at: ast
asterisk: asterick
asymmetric: asymetric
attentively: atentively
automatically: autoamlly
bankrupt: bankrot
basically: basicly
battalion: batallion
browse: bbrose
bureau: beauro
bureaucracy: beaurocracy
beginning: beggining
beginning: beging
behavior: behaviour
believe: beleive
believe: belive
benefits: benidifs
beginning: bigginging
bleat: blait
buoyant: bouyant
boycott: boygot
broccoli: brocolli
bush: buch
butter: buder
butter: budr
butter: budter
bureaucracy: buracracy
bureaucracy: burracracy
button: buton
by by: byby
caller: cauler
caesar: ceasar
cemetery: cemetary
changing: changeing
cheat: cheet
circle: cicle
simplicity: cimplicity
circumstances: circumstaces
club: clob
colon: coaln
cockamamie: cocamena
colleague: colleaque
colloquialism: colloquilism
column: columne
compiler: comiler
commitment: comitmment
committee: comitte
commitment: comittmen
commitment: comittmend
commercials: commerciasl
committed: commited
committee: commitee
companies: companys
complicated: compicated
computer: comupter
consensus: concensus
confucianism: confusionism
congratulations: congradulations
contribution: conibation
consistent: consident
consonant: consident
constant: contast
constant: contastant
continue: contunie
coolly: cooly
coping: copping
cosmopolitan: cosmoplyton
court: courst
crazy: crasy
caveats: cravets
credibility: credetability
critique: criqitue
croak: croke
crucifixion: crucifiction
crucified: crusifed
critique: ctitique
combo: cumba
customization: custamisation
dog: dag
daily: daly
dangerous: danguages
draft: deaft
defense: defence
defiantly: defenly
definite: definate
definitely: definately
dependable: dependeble
description: descrption
description: descrptn
desperate: desparate
desiccate: dessicate
distant: destint
developments: develepment
development: developement
development: develpond
divulge: devulge
disagree: diagree
deities: dieties
dinosaur: dinasaur
dinosaur: dinasour
directly: direcyly
discuss: discuess
dissect: disect
dissipate: disippate
decision: disition
despair: dispair
discussion: disssicion
distract: distarct
distort: distart
destroy: distroy
documentation: documtations
download: doenload
dangle: dongle
dog: doog
dramatically: dramaticly
drunkenness: drunkeness
dictionary: ductioneery
due: dur
during: duren
dynamic: dymatic
dynamic: dynaic
ecstasy: ecstacy
efficient: efficat
efficacy: efficity
efforts: effots
existence: egsistence
etiology: eitiology
elegant: elagent
elegant: elligit
embarrass: embarass
embarrassment: embarassment
embarrass: embaress
encapsulation: encapsualtion
encyclopedia: encyclapidia
encyclopedia: encyclopia
engine: engins
enhance: enhence
enlightenment: enligtment
ennui: ennuui
enough: enought
inventions: enventions
environmental: envireminakl
environment: enviroment
epitome: epitomy
acquire: equire
error: errara
error: erro
evaluation: evaualtion
everything: evething
eventually: evtually
exceed: excede
exercise: excercise
except: excpt
execution: excution
exhilaration: exhileration
existence: existance
explicitly: expleyly
explicitly: explity
espresso: expresso
expedient: exspidient
extensions: extions
factorization: factontion
failure: failer
fantasy: famdasy
favor: faver
fax: faxe
february: febuary
fiery: firey
festival: fistival
flattering: flatterring
flux: fluk
flux: flukse
phone: fone
foresee: forsee
frustrating: frustartaion
function: fuction
phonetic: funetik
guts: futs
came: gamne
guard: gaurd
generally: generly
gandhi: ghandi
government: goberment
government: gobernement
government: gobernment
gotten: gotton
graceful: gracefull
gradually: gradualy
grammar: grammer
hello: hallo
happily: hapily
harass: harrass
have: havne
help: heellp
height: heighth
help: hellp
hello: helo
hello: herlo
hyphen: hifin
hyphen: hifine
higher: higer
hyphen: hiphine
hippy: hippie
hippopotamus: hippopotamous
help: hlp
horse: hourse
housing: houssing
however: howaver
however: howver
humanity: humaniti
hyphen: hyfin
hypothesis: hypotathes
hypothesis: hypotathese
hysterical: hystrical
indent: ident
illegitimate: illegitament
embed: imbed
immediately: imediaetly
infamy: imfamy
immanent: immenant
implements: implemtes
inadvertent: inadvertant
in case: incase
insidious: incedious
incomplete: incompleet
incomplete: incomplot
inconvenient: inconvenant
inconvenience: inconvience
independent: independant
independent: independenent
independent: indepnends
in depth: indepth
indispensable: indispensible
inefficient: inefficite
interface: inerface
in fact: infact
influential: influencial
initial: inital
initialized: initinized
initialized: initized
inoculate: innoculate
insistent: insistant
insistent: insistenet
installation: instulation
intelligent: intealignt
intelligent: intejilent
intelligent: intelegent
intelligent: intelegnent
intelligent: intelejent
intelligent: inteligent
intelligent: intelignt
intelligent: intellagant
intelligent: intellegent
intelligent: intellegint
intelligent: intellgnt
intensionally: intensionality
iterate: interate
international: internation
interpret: interpretate
interpreter: interpretter
interested: intertes
interested: intertesd
environmental: invermeantial
regardless: irregardless
irresistible: irresistable
irritable: irritible
muslims: islams
isotope: isotrop
israel: isreal
john: johhn
judgment: judgement
kipper: kippur
knowing: knawing
latest: latext
leave: leasve
leisure: lesure
lesion: liasion
liaison: liason
library: libary
likely: likly
kilometer: lilometer
liquefy: liquify
layer: lloyer
losing: lossing
laser: luser
maintenance: maintanence
majority: majaerly
majority: majoraly
masks: maks
mandelbrot: mandelbrot
want: mant
marshal: marshall
maximum: maxium
memory: meory
better: metter
mike: mic
media: midia
millennium: millenium
minuscule: miniscule
monkey: minkay
minimum: minum
mischievous: mischievious
miscellaneous: misilous
memento: momento
monkey: monkay
mosaic: mosaik
most likely: mostlikely
mouser: mousr
more: mroe
necessary: neccessary
necessary: necesary
necessary: necesser
niece: neice
neighbor: neighbour
pneumonic: nemonic
nevada: nevade
nickelodeon: nickleodeon
naive: nieve
no one: noone
noticeably: noticably
not in: notin
nuzzled: nozled
objects: objectsion
obfuscate: obsfuscate
occasion: ocassion
occupied: occuppied
occurrence: occurence
octogenarian: octagenarian
old: olf
opossum: opposim
organize: organise
organize: organiz
orient: orientate
oscilloscope: oscilascope
moving: oving
parameters: paramers
parameter: parametic
parameters: paranets
particular: partrucal
metaphysical: pataphysical
pattern: patten
permissible: permissable
permission: permition
permissive: permmasivie
prerogative: perogative
pursue: persue
fantasia: phantasia
phenomenal: phenominal
picturesque: picaresque
playwright: playwrite
poesies: poeses
politician: polation
polygamy: poligamy
politic: politict
police: pollice
polypropylene: polypropalene
pompon: pompom
possible: possable
practical: practicle
pragmatism: pragmaticism
preceding: preceeding
precision: precion
precision: precios
peremptory: preemptory
prefixes: prefices
prefixed: prefixt
presbyterian: presbyterian
pursue: presue
pursued: presued
privilege: privielage
privilege: priviledge
procedures: proceedures
pronunciation: pronensiation
pronunciation: pronisation
pronunciation: pronounciation
properly: properally
problematic: proplematic
portray: protray
psychologist: pscolgst
psychologist: psicolagest
psychologist: psycolagest
quiz: quoz
radius: radious
rampantly: ramplily
recommend: reccomend
raccoon: reccona
receive: recieve
recognize: reconise
rectangle: rectangeles
redesign: redign
recurring: reoccurring
repetition: repitition
replacement: replasments
responsible: reposable
resemblance: reseblence
respect: respct
respectfully: respecally
room: roon
roughly: rought
rsx: rsx
rudimentary: rudemtry
running: runnung
sacrilegious: sacreligious
safely: saftly
salute: salut
satisfy: satifly
scrabble: scrabdle
searchable: searcheable
section: secion
several: seferal
segments: segements
sense: sence
separate: seperate
sherbet: sherbert
psychologist: sicolagest
seize: sieze
simplicity: simpfilty
simply: simplye
signal: singal
site: sitte
situation: situration
sylph: slyph
smile: smil
sneaked: snuck
sometimes: sometmes
sonic: soonec
specifically: specificialy
spell: spel
spoke: spoak
sponsored: sponsered
steering: stering
straitjacket: straightjacket
stomach: stumach
student: stutent
style guide: styleguide
substitutions: subisitions
subscribed: subjecribed
subpoena: subpena
substitutions: substations
sugar: suger
supersede: supercede
superfluous: superfulous
susan: susan
swim wear: swimwear
synchronization: syncorization
tough: taff
that: taht
tattoos: tattos
technically: techniquely
the: teh
team: tem
two: teo
theoretical: teridical
test: tesst
tests: tets
than or: thanot
themselves: theirselves
theoretical: theridically
theoretically: thredically
throughout: thruout
this: ths
titillate: titalate
tobaggon: tobagan
tomorrow: tommorrow
tomorrow: tomorow
tragedy: tradegy
trouble: trubbel
test: ttest
tunnel like: tunnellike
turned: tured
tyranny: tyrrany
unnatural: unatourral
unnatural: unaturral
unconstitutional: unconisitional
unconscious: unconscience
under ladder: underladder
unintelligible: unentelegible
unfortunately: unfortunently
unnatural: unnaturral
up cast: upcast
utmost: upmost
uranium: uranisium
version: verison
vinaigrette: vinagarette
voluptuous: volumptuous
voluntarism: volunteerism
volley: volye
wasting: wadting
wait: waite
won't: wan't
warlord: warloord
what: whaaat
ward: whard
wimp: whimp
weaken: wicken
weird: wierd
rank: wrank
righten: writeen
writing: writting
windows: wundeews
yield: yeild
your: youe
